Transcribed text:
  The woman at customs was even confused while here she was like what are you here for? I was like, oh, just for fun. She was like dude plans. I was like a few. Shall we do a hotel room tour? I think we shall. So you walk in and there is a hallway. Looks like there's a closet here. And then we have the little bar area. Is there a mini fridge? Yes, of course. I'm staying at the one Hotel Toronto and I got a balcony room. I'm actually really excited about the balcony because it's like gorgeous weather and it was only a little bit more and I was like, you know, to have the option to go outside. I I'm here for it. I have a balcony at home and I'm very, very blessed. And then this is the nice big bed. Oh my God, I'm so excited 'cause I love a hotel bed and I have it all to myself. This is luxury living. People think I need to take my shoes off 'cause they are dirty, dirty, dirty. It's a slightly different than the other one hotels I've stayed in. I think they're all a little different, but like they still give the same vibe, which is nice. Oh, it looks like there is filtered water down the hall. Cool. I love that they do that. And the bathroom. You're kidding, this looks so nice. I actually have some sponsored content to film, so I was like looking. Online at the bathroom because I want to film it in here because this is gorgeous. And over here we have a full body mirror. Holy crap this is so nice. I feel like the bathroom is the nicest part Big mirror. Than this like huge vanity wow in the shower. This hotel is really new which is cool love this bathroom so much there's literally a chair in the bathroom our gorgeous robe. I'm just so grateful we have ATV on the wall over here don't know if I'll be watching much TV but nice to have I didn't even do a proper like intro yet hi guys what's up welcome back to my channel my name is Brooke. If you guys are new here and this is going to be a solo trip vlog I am in Toronto Canada. This is my first time going to Canada at all very. Impulsive and random decision of mine. I saw my friend Jazz take a very similar solo trip. So this is very much so inspired by her. I think she only did one night. I am doing two nights, but I saw her come and she stayed at this hotel as well. And she did a few of the things that I'm going to do. But I talked to her and I was like, did you feel like it was a good like destination kind of for a solo trip? And she was like, yes, it was great. Like you'll have so much fun. And I've just been like kind of craving doing something like this for a while. I have like. Solo traveled before, but a lot of the times when I do it, I've gone to LA and like I'll schedule meetings for myself or like meet up with friends. I am just really excited to explore the city. I have been in a relationship for a year and a half now and I've been doing a lot of traveling with girlfriends, which has been like amazing. But I haven't had the desire really to travel alone in a while because every time I've, you know, had the the time or the opportunity to travel, it's either like for work stuff like in a group. Where I'll be like, oh, like my boyfriend and I will go away. So this is really like a trip for me, which I know that sounds so corny and everything, but it's obviously so important to still prioritize yourself no matter what stage of life you're in. I mean, I'm 26, like this is the time that I feel like I should be doing stuff like this and just going on like random trips and like using my miles to book the flight. Literally use my miles on Delta to book the flight. It was only an hour from New York, a really just easy travel day. And I feel like I still have so much of the day here, which is amazing. Speaking of having the day, I think we need a coffee and I think we got to do it the old Canada way. Let me just wash up and. I might not even change. I might just go in this like athletic E fit because I think I'm gonna like go get a coffee and maybe bring it back here. I don't know We'll see Let's go. I bought this water before the flight had one sip. Not good. We need to hydrate. I'm just gonna go like this casual for now, 'cause we're just gonna like get a coffee, get a snack and then I think I wanna come back here and like reassess the plan. So let's go get a coffee. Let me show you guys what I just threw on. I have this dress that I've had from Reformation. I just like the Reformation pieces that I have just stay in my closet year over year. They are pricey. Like this dress was definitely expensive, but I'm going to have it forever and ever and I just love it. It's just a go to simple floral like everyday dress and I'm just going to pair it with sneakers to explore the city right now. Perfect, right? I might not even like touch up my makeup or anything. I barely, it's just like light makeup. Today I kind of want to go to like a park or something. I am really close to finishing my book and it's just such a nice day. So I kind of want to just like, you know, walk, maybe find somewhere to like sit and read. 'Cause I think there's a lot in this like little area central to me. I have a lot of things I wanna do probably like tomorrow and stuff. But I think today I kinda wanna, I kinda saw that with a Canadian accent today. I think today I just want to stay around here and maybe I'll get a snack wrap for dinner. We'll see. I'm really not hungry now that that donut and just chugged that iced coffee. It was good. I did a Tiktok about it. So I'm gonna be doing some content for Tiktok and some content here, just so you know. Divide and conquer baby. I keep seeing people walking with like chopping bags so I'm wondering if there's like a shopping area like right here? I see that there's a park right here. I drove past it before when I was driving in and it looks like really nice. So let's see. It's just so cute here. I guess there's lots of people. It's like a little dog park. I'm getting such outfit inspiration too from here. Everyone's outfits are amazing. Really, really cute. This is so cute. I looked at my knob and it looks like there's shopping down this way, so we're going to head in this direction. It's like a 20-30 minute. But maybe I can grab the number here. I believe I'm chilling. I'm just so happy and doing this gorgeous weather I'm exploring. And upon first impressions, this kind of reminds me of a mix between Boston and like a city in Europe. Almost, almost like a London. First impression though, everyone is looking at me like I have 80 heads with this camera. So this is like the public transport system it looks like. I don't know if there's an underground actually but they ride like in the street. This is so cute. This road is like all restaurants and bars apparently. The area I'm in now is Queen St. WI. Love how walkable the city is. This is amazing. Some big part of the big channel signs. I'm assuming this is like tourist hot spot 'cause I'm here. There's like food trucks and everything lining this park area. I love it. Minaretsia. They have a separate store for Wilfred too. This is crazy. I don't know what just happened to me in that store, but I like blacked out and got a ton of stuff. When I checked out, I forgot that it was all in Canadian dollars. It was like, oh this kind of expensive, but it was in Canadian dollars. It's done. This street one feels a lot like Times Square. Sightseeing tours and we're going to walk back towards the hotel because I need to figure out what to do. We're going to I just met a subscriber podcast listener Kristen who was on a run listening to gals on the go. That's insane to me. The Canada girlies are out and then another subscriber in Wilford before she was so sweet to a different. It's just insane to me like the international reach, like you just I just didn't even ever imagine it's possible. For myself, you know, I ate my McDonald's. Dinner, No, literally I am going to be going to bed early tonight. I didn't end up like reading in the park or whatever before my camera charging now. So I'm just like, maybe tonight's going to be like the chill night and I will just like relax in bed now, so but I'm going to take a nice deep shower right now. Good morning Toronto, it is 6 AMI fell asleep so early so I woke up at 6:00 in the morning. After I got back from eating at my McDonald's, which I'm going to post a tick tock about today, I crashed. Well, I like showered and then got in bed. I just needed to like throw some water in my face to get the crusties out. I forgot my toothbrush so I had to ask him to bring me one yesterday, but that one very good. So yesterday when I was walking, I ended up at Eaton Center, which is like the mall and they had such good stores. I was trying to vlog when I was in there. Well, this is so cool in Canada, all of the Eritzia stores, all the Eritia brands. Are divided up into stores, so TNA is like, they're like sweats and stuff. They have a store for that. Wolfred, they have a store for that. Apparently Babatin, they have a store for that too. It's crazy. They have a store for everything. And then they had an actual red tube that I went in, which had great stuff. I just wasn't really in the mood to try stuff on. So I was like, we'll skip. I kept walking them all. I was like, I don't know, like just kind of walking through. And then I found this adorable store and they had a bunch of different types of really cute like cosmetic items. So I'll show you what I got. It was like a Japanese and Korean beauty store. And it was so busy, so I was like, oh, this must be a good place. And then I started looking around. I was like, OK, this is really cute. And I keep forgetting that all the prices are in Canadian dollars 'cause it's just like the regular dollar sign. But then I realized that the exchange rate is like in my favor. So I think I spent, I think it was like 85 Canadian dollars. But I just checked my bank and it was 65 U.S. dollars for all this. So I'll show you what I got. I meant to sleep with this last night. I have been sleeping with the sleep mask and really liking it. I've just discovered that I don't like when light gets in, but I feel like in most city environments it's not super dark. So I got another sleep mask for like travel or when I sleep with friends or whatever and it's all Kitty and I thought it was really cute. I just love Hello Kitty. So I got Hello Kitty under eye patches. I saw a bunch of people grabbing these, so I figured that the brand must be good. They're pimple patches. I kind of have a big one that's not going away, so I kind of like that. I'm a sucker for Pokémon stuff, so I just got Pokémon lip balm Pikachu. These are hair curlers. It came in a 2 pack. I was like, wait, this is actually really cute for maybe like the front pieces of my hair. I just thought they were so freaking cute. This hand soap. I noticed that. Mickey had this in the bathroom when I went to get my nails done and I used it and I really liked it and I was like, huh, how interesting. And then I saw it in the store and I was like, wait, I feel like this is kind of meant to be because I really liked it when I used it at her place. Nikki Nalco I'll get my nails done. So I picked it up. I actually had a friend come over the other day and was like, can I borrow AQ tip? And I was like, I don't think I have any Q-tips. So I decided to get some and these ones are cool 'cause they're pointy on one end. They're good for like makeup. I could, I definitely like feel like I could use it, you know, especially for makeup and stuff. So yeah, I just kind of like kept going. I was just grabbing everything like these were in the line. I check out. I was like, oh, more stuff, sure, I'm going to put one of these watches on now. We'll see if it does anything. I woke up so early. I have a plan today. I have a bunch of places I want to go, but mostly the 1st place I really wanted to go is Nut Bar, which is like a smoothie place, but they don't open until 8:00, but there's a coffee shop nearby. There's a bunch of coffee shops, but there's one that's like really highly rated that opens at 7:00. I'll just go there and then I could like walk around a little bit and then maybe get a smoothie and a bar later. I have a bunch of different like neighborhoods kind of that I want to check out today. And that's kind of the plan. So just really going to do a lot of walking. I might wear my Hocus. We'll see. This is just my outfit for like running around this morning because it's a little chilly and I didn't really bring a jacket. So it's like a little sweater set from free people. I think it's really, really cute. And then it's like a lighter weight. It kind of looks like pajamas. I mean, it definitely does look like pajamas, but you know, like it's fine for this time of day. But it's fine. Honestly. I wore my Nike shoes yesterday and they started to hurt my feet. Shocked at So for now I'm going to wear Should I wear my hook because they look ridiculous with this but they're so comfy. Also, I just finished this book last night and then I read the epilogue this morning. I really liked it. I really like her writing. I read that summer by her too. She focuses on a bunch of different characters. It's setting Cape Cod. We're on Cape. Add this to your summer reading list. I gave it four out of five stars. If you're looking for a good beach tree. Just kind of like there is a plot, but it's like. You know, just follows the characters and you know, you have to see what happens. I don't spoil it, but I really like this. Now I'm going to read this one. Alright, but it's like 7:00 AM and I said I was going to walk to that coffee shop, so let's go. I just wanted to this coffee shop Fahrenheit Coffee. The barista was literally the nicest man I've ever met. Just so nice. It was like have fun today. But I think he thinks I'm from here though because he was like, how was your weekend? I'm on Cosplayers in Toronto Light Rd. with old Health and it's delicious. It was rated really well on like Google Maps. So I was like, he's five stars and like hundreds and hundreds of ratings. So I'm actually editing now the snack wrap tick tock because I just wanted to get it up. And I was getting hungry so I ordered breakfast to the room. I'm going to get food out and try on the rest of the day. I actually looked up like breakfast places. And because I woke up so early, there weren't too many. I could have gone this movie, but I wanted like a heartier breakfast. I think. So also changed into this little number. This is a little exercise romper from free people. I can definitely link this below. Morgan size medium if that helps. And this is the breakfast. I just got 2 eggs. You could choose like bacon or like something else, but I got avocado. It comes with breakfast potatoes and toast and I'm just sitting here at this little desk and I'm going to eat this while I finish this video. It's only 8 or 9:00 AM. I woke up at like 5:45 and I went to sleep like really, really early. So it's all good. I just filmed a brand deal in here because the lighting and everything is just so good. Like I really can't pass it up. And filming in this gorgeous bathroom. I mean, my gosh, I'm so lucky. And I edited and posted the snack wrap content so you can go watch that. I'm just adding some blush. I did really, really light makeup today. I think I might wear this out too. I was gonna change into like a cooler chica outfit, but I really wanna wear my Hokas because. My legs are really bothering me today, probably because I've just been walking a lot actually, ever since the Taylor Swift concert. I just feel like my body is sore all over. And then I took a core power class, so I feel like that just made it even worse. In a good way. In a good way, but still in a way. So I think I'll explore, at least in this. In the morning, it's only like 930. It's totally early and I feel really good about everything that I really got done. I think we're going to just stroll around and then maybe I'll come back and change. Before I like go to dinner and stuff. What do you guys think? You can't answer. It's a hypothetical. And I guess I'm going to leave my hair too. I could come back and shower and wash it later. I don't know. I'm just feeling shell. Seems like a lot of people in the city wear like athleisure. Oh, I really want to go to Lululemon today because apparently it's cheaper than in America. And I feel like this election might be a little different. So I definitely want to go there and just do a lot of walking around. That's really what the goal of the afternoon is. Maybe get some poutine walking now to this place called Ossington St. A lot of it's closed on Mondays. But that's OK. I just want to see it. It's like a lot of like thrift stores and stuff like that. I think This is why I really like this city and it kind of reminds me of Boston. I love that it will be like too. Obviously we're in like a different neighborhood now, but I love that there will be parts that are more like metropolitan and then we have just like a street like this that's kind of like townhouses and stuff. It's really cute and just so walkable. Oh, and they do have a underground like Subway, by the way, so it looks like they. Transportation here, but I'm choosing to walk. I'm not going to work out. I was going to take a workout class today, but I was like, you know what? I'm just going to walk everywhere and that will be my workout. This is Queen St. West. Cute little stores and stuff, but oh hello. Type books and this is Trinity Melwood, which a lot of people also told me to go to so green and you really just hear the birds chirping here. Maybe I just tune it out in New York. But like you really like it's here. I don't know such cute coffee shops. I kind of want one. Guys, babe, this is the thing about traveling along is that I have my own jokes with myself that I will laugh about. I quickly read the sign and it says blank blank coffee, birthplace of coffee. So I thought it's a mother coffee. I was like oh wow, they really are just embracing that theme. The birth of coffee Mofer. Mother Coffee, the birth place of coffee. It's on Monday so it makes sense and it's like Monday morning but everyone's just like an athlete or today. Yesterday I was getting lots of outfit and spoke from people make really cute fits and there's people cute outfits too. But lots of that nature vibes. So I feel like I fit at cosplaying is a little bit today. Very cool art in these alleyways and lots of art on these walls. I love stuff like this. It's like a salad place everyone told me to come back to. Maybe I'll go there for lunch. It's called Mandy's. Let's hear this coffee shop. Stanley James. I got an iced vanilla latte with oat milk. Let's try it. I like it, can't tell how loud it is because I have noise cancellation on in these so I literally hear nothing. I decided now we're going to go to Kensington Market which apparently. Market, we need some food over there. That's where we're going to hide. It's over 25 minute long. I'm walking on dentist bus to get there, passing all the good stores and stuff. I heard the things about this shop. What I'm seeing a lot of is coffee shops. And cannabis dispensaries, which it's legal in the US too. I just feel like maybe it's just these city men. There's like multiple every block. OK, I. Turn. So I didn't end up going to Kensington, but we're back. Street Bus, we're gonna shop now. Oh, it looks like there's like a lot of shopping here. Just finished at Lululemon. I mostly got stuff for Ben. This is really cool. So the reason why it's like a good deal to shop there is because for Americans in Canada is because it's the same price as the US price, but it's Canadian dollars, which the exchange rates like in Americans favor right now. I was like, wow, this looks cute. Garage cool. They even have a Chick-fil-A. It's like I'm back at home. I have an idea for a gift that I want to go in here. Pick up some stuff for it. I didn't even show you guys how pretty the hotels from the outside, as are all one hotels. But you know the afternoon crash is hitting. That's so tired. Alright, I'm going to go to the roof. I rode the elevator out there this morning and it looked like a really cool view. I'm thinking it might be nice just to sit up there for a SEC, like read my book Jill Better than the Room. Me, I don't want to send time in the room. Also me in the room, I'm going to chill. I decided because there are like really no tables up there that they have right now with a view that aren't like outside in the sun, which is fine. But I didn't spray down my body with SPF and I'm just a little nervous. So I think I might order something here and relax for a second because I have been kind of on the move all morning. And then maybe I'll shower and like get ready for like the night time walk around. We'll see, but I'm having a lovely day, if that means anything. I like, I love it here. It's so nice. We showered. I didn't wash my hair or take off my makeup, but just body showered. I ordered food, which I'm really excited about. I wanted to also talk about kind of how I'm like not feeling lonely, I guess on this solo trip. That's really not something that I struggle with a lot, but I don't know. Then I kind of get in my head about it and I'm like, oh wait, maybe like I am lonely. I don't know. I just start like overthinking. I've been listening to a lot of podcasts. I do that. I'm living alone and just being alone all the time. I do this frequently, but. While I've been on my walks around, I've been listening to podcasts and that makes me feel like I'm not alone. I listened to Girls Gotta eat. Right now I'm listening to Manifest with Tori Desmond. If you are feeling a little lonely, maybe that could help 'cause I feel like just going for a walk, even just listening to music, it can kind of be like, oh **** like I'm like alone. But you almost feel like I've totally felt like I was with people. It's kind of strange in a good way. I just filmed like the same thing for Tiktok, but it's fine. I ordered from Rudy's or just Rudy. A lot of Toronto people said that it's the best poutine, but apparently. Toronto poutine isn't so good. I also got a burger. Honestly, I think it's better than any poutine I've ever had. But I've also had like, you know, American poutine, which like the gravy is really, really good. I'm gonna chill for a little bit. I kinda wanna take a nap 'cause I woke up so early for some reason. Chill, relax. And then we will make our plan for the rest of the evening. It's also like there's a good amount of gravy, but it's not completely soaked, which I like. I don't like my my fries to be like too soggy. I like them to be soft, but not like drenched, you know, And the cheese curds are really good. All right, we have another output change. This set is from Revolve. The brand is L Academy Academy. It's cute. I also like how the skirts a little tight because yesterday mine was breezy and it was blowing around in the wind. Not good. I'm going to wait and I'll do the halt everything I got when I get back tonight because because believe it or not, I'm actually going back to do more shopping basically where I was earlier today on the street Queen W Toronto. People are probably watching this like cringing at like me talking about certain things or whatever. I'm sorry. This is obviously my first time in Canada but I was always used to seeing the price in Canadian dollars is more. I don't know why I have this vivid memory like books. And on the front cover of a book, it would say like, you know, U.S. dollar 16, Canadian dollar twenty or something. And I, because I remember growing up thinking like, why is the Canadian always more? But that makes sense because it's just like the exchange rate. Obviously I know how exchange rates work, but for me, a lover of these Canadian brands, I get a little bit of a, a discount. So I'm like, let's take advantage of this. I didn't go to overseas today and I'm wearing a more comfortable outfit than I did yesterday when I went shopping. So I feel like more comfortable, like changing and trying stuff on. So we're going to go to Aritzia and then maybe some other stores. We're just going to shop around. That's going to be like the second-half today. It's already like 3:00. I was here chilling for a little bit. Also might get a smoothie later because I've been meaning to go to Nut Bar. Let's go. second-half of the day begins now. And I've just been using my Chanel purse this whole trip because it fits my camera and really everything. If I wanted to bring my book, I'm not going to bring it this time. It's just like weighing me down. These sunglasses have been the sunglasses of the trip. They have mirrors here, thank God. Trying out a bunch of stuff. I like this skirt. I just said thank you to someone who fully did not work in that store. I just like made eye contact. I was like thank you. She was like looking at me didn't work there. I got a few things, not not too many. Me too.

Named Entities:
Entity: '7:00' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'guys' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'U.S.' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'woman' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'lip balm Pikachu' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Mother Coffee' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'output' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'athlete' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Eritzia' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'coffee shops' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'closet' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'shoes' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Monday morning' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'SPF' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'dude' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'athleisure' has category 'Product'
Entity: '85 Canadian dollars' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'desk' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'America' has category 'Location'
Entity: '7:00 AM' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'second' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'restaurants' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'city' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'workout class' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'Kensington' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'overseas' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'townhouses' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'burger' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'this last night' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'coffee' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'outfit' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Canadian dollars' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'robe' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'McDonald's' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'change' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'Chick-fil-A' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'toast' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Boston' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Rudy' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'Cape' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'bed' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Eritia' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'tonight' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'neighborhood' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'barista' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: '5:45' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Hotel Toronto' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'avocado' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Taylor Swift' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'lighting' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'mini fridge' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Cape Cod' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'summer' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'walkable' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'alleyways' has category 'Location'
Entity: '80' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'shower' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'an hour' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'balcony room' has category 'Location'
Entity: '20-30 minute' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'one night' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'stores' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'right now' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'street' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'makeup' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bathroom' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Eaton Center' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Kensington Market' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'LA' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'bus' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'now' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: '2' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'ATV' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'trip' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'Trinity Melwood' has category 'Location'
Entity: '9:00 AM' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Guys' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'a second' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'free people' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Toronto Light Rd.' has category 'Address'
Entity: 'knob' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Now' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Today' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'place' has category 'Location'
Entity: '6:00 in the morning' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: '8 or' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: '26,' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Big mirror' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'the other day' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'sleep mask' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'breakfast' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'trips' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'a year and a half' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'skirt' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'lunch' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'night time' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'little bar area' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'early tonight' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Japanese' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'hotel' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'public transport system' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'eggs' has category 'Product'
Entity: '930' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'book' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'smoothie' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'half' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'hand soap' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Ben' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'US' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'thrift stores' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'watches' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'solo trip' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'sneakers' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Canada' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Transportation' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'Americans' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'wall' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Revolve' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Babatin' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'breakfast places' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'coffee Mofer' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'cannabis' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'chopping bags' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'shopping' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'podcasts' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'lover' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: '3:00' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'boyfriend' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'hot spot' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'food trucks' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'movie' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'all' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Morgan' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'city men' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Google Maps' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'books' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Kristen' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'evening' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Tori Desmond' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'friend' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'writing' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'jacket' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'dog park' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'salad' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'gravy' has category 'Product'
Entity: '1st' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Yesterday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Nikki Nalco' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'roof' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Nike shoes' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'beach tree' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'last night' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'American' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Right' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'McDonald's' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Nut Bar' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'TV' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Mickey' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'shop' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Times Square' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'dollar 16' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Ossington St' has category 'Address'
Entity: 'coffee shop' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'cosmetic items' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'London' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'hair curlers' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'right' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'iced coffee' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'poutine' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'dinner' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'mirrors' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Mandy' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'one' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Tiktok' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'park area' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'vlog' has category 'Skill'
Entity: '65 U.S. dollars' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'two nights' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'second-half of the day' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'cosplaying' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'podcast listener' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'girlfriends' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'rest of the day' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'tomorrow' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'skirts' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'store' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'babe' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'L Academy Academy' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'friends' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'mall' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'neighborhoods' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'dollar' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'First' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'filtered' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'dollars' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: '. West' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'weekend' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Wolfred' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'walls' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'gals' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Queen St. WI' has category 'Address'
Entity: 'elevator' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'toothbrush' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'red tube' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'dollar twenty' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'tour' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'Jazz' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'until 8:00' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'four out of five' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'coffee shop Fahrenheit' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'W Toronto' has category 'Address'
Entity: 'chair' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'art' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'election' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'day' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Toronto' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'eye patches' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'outfits' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'iced vanilla latte' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'meetings' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'bacon' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'snack wrap' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Pokémon' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Tiktok' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'workout' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'people' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'park' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'music' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'hotels' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'hook' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'mirror' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'oat milk' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Delta' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Garage' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'this morning' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'TNA' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Chanel purse' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'afternoon' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Kitty' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'subscriber' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'first' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: '6' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'cheese curds' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bar' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Canadian' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Mondays' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Hocus' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Health' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'camera' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'sunglasses' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Subway' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'block' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'yesterday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'underground' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'beauty store' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Brooke' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'In the morning' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'characters' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'flight' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'fries' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'God' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'room' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'hypothetical' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'Lululemon' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'around' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'home' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'People' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Jill Better than the Room' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bars' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'today' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'pimple patches' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Hokas' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'dentist' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Tiktok' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Europe' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Lululemon' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'tourist' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'sweater set' has category 'Product'
Entity: '25 minute' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'hall' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'potatoes' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Monday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'balcony' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Hello Kitty' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'pajamas' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'dress' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'crash' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'donut' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'walks' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'walk' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'tables' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Aritzia' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'hotel room' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'concert' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'night' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Reformation' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'Korean' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'snack' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'New York' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'morning' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'water' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'hallway' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Stanley James' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'everyday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'hotel bed' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'shopping area' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Wilford' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'food' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Wilfred' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'five' has category 'Quantity'
