Transcribed text:
Hey, the fellow travelers Mark here with Walters World and say we're here in Toronto, Canada. And today we're going to talk about are some of the domes that tours should know before they come to Toronto so they can have a great time. And my first dump for you is don't add that second tee to Toronto because Toronto is Toronto, not Toronto. It has nothing to do with your shoes or your feet, though your feet might hurt after you walk all the time around the city. But no, it's just Toronto. OK, So I want to start off with that one just so you know, OK. But in terms of tourist tips, my first dump for you is don't feel like you have to go up sand tower. I mean, don't get me wrong, CN Tower will be in literally thousands of your pictures when you're here and you will take thousands of pictures of CN Tower because it is cool. It is on the skyline. It is a symbol of the city, but you don't really have to go up it. It's, I'm not saying it's a tourist trap kind of thing, but you can get great views of the waterfront on the waterfront. You can get great views of the skyline from your hotel. So don't think you have to go up there just in case you're debating it. Now, another Dome I have for you as a tourist is and actually anyone that comes to Toronto is don't drive because you don't want to drive here. You don't want to park here, you don't want to do with the traffic here, You don't want to deal with the construction here. It is hair pulling out, frustrating driving around downtown Toronto or in the neighborhoods. So just stay away from that. That's why my next Dome, which is really a do, is don't forget to get your Presto card and ride the TTC. The Toronto Transit Commission has great public transport all over the city. You've got the subway line, you got the streetcars, you got the buses that go everywhere. Yeah, they could be a bit slow and sometimes delayed. But they will be a lot better than dealing with the traffic here in Toronto. And honestly, it's going to save you a lot of money versus taking taxis and Ubers around town. And when you are on the TTC, one thing I gotta tell you is don't be loud on the public transportation here. No one likes that. So if you like to talk to your friend on your phone real loud or you're one of those people that for some reason talks to their friend on speakerphone, no, we don't. We don't do that here. You don't listen to your music loud. You don't talk loudly. You're quiet. You're quiet on the TTC. OK, Don't randomly speak to people. Don't randomly be loud. Just shh. Calm down, OK. And, and I think another don't I have to tell you, when it comes to the TTC is don't get in people's way, whether it is going down the escalator. Remember, stand on the right, walk on the left on the escalator. It's going up and down to the subway. But also if you're debating about getting on the bus or getting out the metro, get out of the way. Stand to the side of the doors, not in front of them. Because the locals, they've got to go whether they're going to work or going out with their friends or whatever. So don't just just don't be in the way, OK? Now getting back to the tourist stuff, another Dome I have for you is don't skip out on going to the Hockey Hall of Fame. I don't care if you hate hockey. I don't care if you've never ice skated in your entire life. You will love the Hockey Hall of Fame because it's done so well. The memorabilia that's there, the, you know, the interactive exhibits there, the exhibits are, the history, how well they explain everything there is fantastic. And what's cool is if you want to get a picture with the Stanley Cup, hey, you don't have to win it. You can go there and get a picture of the Stanley Cup. It's so cool. So you have to go there. But I will say. Don't be weirded out if when you're looking for the interest, the Hockey Hall of Fame, you have to go through a food court and it gets kind of weird. You're in the right place if you're going to a food court to go get to the Hockey Hall of Fame. I know it sounds weird, but that's one of the things here. Now, another joke I have for you for the museums here is don't pass up the Dinos at the ROM. The Royal Ontario Museum probably has one of the best collections of dinosaur bones in the entire world. I mean, it is an incredible visit to go. I told Liam I was coming back to Toronto last time he was here. He was like 3 years old. He's like. Go see the Dinos again and he's passed his dinosaur phase. That tells you how great they are. So definitely, definitely, definitely check out the ROM. But they have a lot of different stuff that's there. It's not just dinosaurs, it's a huge collection and the building itself is really cool, how it's like a historic looking building and then the modern stuff shutting off on the side. It is cool to check out just from the outside, but don't forget to go in 'cause it's well worth it. Now my next stone for you is a quick one behind me. I don't know if you can see it because how I have it angled, but don't be disappointed by the City Hall here in Toronto. It could possibly be one of the ugliest city halls in the entire world. I'm just saying another don't I have for you is when you come to Toronto, what you have to realize is this city is super international. People from all over here. And one of the key and best parts of that is the fact that you don't have to eat traditional Canadian food, you know, like Maple syrup and and steaks and stuff. When you come here, 'cause there's so much great international food. Go to Koreatown, have Korean food, Chinatown, have Chinese food, Little Italy, go to Greektown. There's so much fantastic food all throughout the city. Cause the people that came, that immigrated here brought their cuisine and they brought the good stuff. I mean, we're talking. You get falafel at some fast food joint, it's probably better than the falafel at your fancy restaurant back home where you live. It's amazing. So go explore, go eat all the different nationalities that are here. I'm gonna tell you, I've had some of the best Portuguese food ever, not just from the five years I lived in Portugal, but being here, the Portuguese food was incredible. So make sure he was just getting one of the Portuguese custard tarts. Get one, you will love it. Now one don't I have to remind you of though, is when you're shopping here, don't expect the price, you see? To be the price you actually pay because they do have sales tax here. So imagine another like 13% added on to anything you buy. So that can get frustrating as a tourist. Also, don't forget to tip. We tip here in Canada between 15 and 20%. And if you pay with card, they'll give you the machine back and it usually will give you 18 percent, 20% or 22%. They're pretty smart there for you to tip on it because it is a tipping culture here. That's how it is in Canada. That's how it's here in Toronto. So don't forget to tip your waiters and service. They're super nice here. So you should. And The thing is, is when you're going around the city, don't miss those neighborhoods. Whether you're going to go out to eat or go see something, galleries and some of the shops or, or just enjoying your time here. Whether you're going to the Distillery District, just like this nice pedestrian area with shops and place to eat and stuff. Yeah, it's a little touristy, but it's well worth it. Going out to Kensington Market with all the boutiques there, I mean, that's always a fun place to go. That's actually Jocelyn's favorite neighborhood here in Toronto. You know, whether you're going to Greektown, Cabbagetown, you know, Queen St. West, I mean, there's so many different neighborhoods for you to explore that I really recommend that you actually stay out in the neighborhoods because my next Dome for you is don't expect much going on on the weekends downtown because downtown is downtown. It's a working area. And so when it's Saturday and Sunday, I mean, it's pretty empty except for some tourists walking around. So you might want to stay outside of downtown if you're here on the weekend. If you're during the week, it's totally fine, there's plenty of accommodation, but just want to give you the heads up now, my favorite spot to visit when I'm here, I don't want you to miss out on it, is don't forget to pig out when you go to Saint Lawrence Market. So Saint Lawrence Market has been voted like one of the best markets in the entire world And you go there. I mean, it's got, you know, the cheese is and the meats and all the stuff that's there. But what's cool is you can have a lot of the Canadian specialists and Toronto specialties when you're there. One thing if you want to get that pea meal bacon sandwich that you hear about, you need to have when you're here in Toronto. You can get it there and it's fantastic if you ever want to have one. If you're trying to think what it looks, it looks like it's a ham sandwich kind of, but it's kind of like if ham and a Bratwurst had a baby and then he would slice it thin and put it on some fantastic bread with some mustard. That's what it tastes like. Or you can get some butter tarts when you're there because there's bakeries there that have their stuff there. Get the pushtell to knots at those Portuguese tarts I was talking about so many good things to have when you're there that you just, you should just go explore. So go there and you can answer the eternal debate in Canadian families. Is it a butter tart? Is, is it better with raisins in it or better with nuts in it? I mean, I got both to try. And I'm team done. I'm sorry, I'm team, not Razor was good, but team nut butter tarp, that's me. Now, when you're going around the city, if you want to get a kind of feel of the city, don't feel that you have to do the hop on hop off bus. Remember the TTC, they've got street cars and those street cars, it's like stepping back in time, taking the streetcar around town, around the city, and they go out to the neighborhoods as well. So that's one thing I do recommend our buddy Jeff, who just stopped by another fellow traveler made sure I wanted to tell you that. So thanks Jeff for that one. Now another thing I want to remind you of is don't forget about all the history and art you can see when you're here in Toronto. Because there are tons of like history museums, historic homes you can go to. Yes, you can go to Casa Loma and see the castle of Toronto when you want to go there. The gardens are there are beautiful. You know, you can see that. Heck, if you're here in October, they actually have a Halloween theme in there too. So there's that. There's a lot of historic homes, history museums to check out. But for me it's the art that's here. He has a contemporary Art Museum you can go to. The murals around the city is fantastic. But the the Art Gallery of Ontario is probably the must see art gallery. If you're going to go here, definitely go for that. But if you don't have time for that and some of the neighborhoods that have smaller galleries with the artists actually there, and so you can go check those out. Now, another thing I have for you is don't come to Toronto in the winter. Look, it's cold, it's Toronto, it's cold. Just just just deal with that. But if you do have to come here, Toronto in the winter, don't forget to use the PATH. The PATH is the underground network of corridors, hallways, shops, all kinds of stuff that connects all kinds of places around town. Like I can literally go from here at City Hall all the way down to Union Station. It's about a 20 minute walk on the ground, like above ground. There's connected hallways and corridors that go all the way there. So use that in the winter to keep yourself safe from the elements because there's no reason to complain about the cold because you can get out of it when you're here. Now, another sad thing I've got to tell you about Toronto as a tourist is don't expect Toronto to be cheap. I mean, have you seen the HGTV shows where they're shopping in Toronto for houses? You're like, yes, I'm looking for A1 bed, 1 bath house with a window. Oh, that's $17.9 billion. I mean, it's not that bad, but honestly, the housing prices are high. But also going out to eat, going out to drink shopping. Staying here, it is probably the priciest city in Canada or this in Vancouver. So do be aware of that when you're planning your budget for Toronto because yeah, it ain't gonna be cheap. So going along with the expensive side of things, also don't use U.S. dollars when you're here. We use Canadian dollars. It's Canada. The thing is though, some places will take U.S. dollars. So if you don't wanna exchange money, you don't have to necessarily, but just know that they will give you an exchange rate that's to their liking. Also, you will get your change back in Canadian coins. So hey, you'll get some loonies and soonies so I guess there's a good thing there but honestly just go to the ATM and take out some Canadian money and you'll be fine because most of the places anyway you can pay with a credit card, no big deal. But I will say it's mostly Visa and MasterCard are the two most accepted ones that I've seen. Hello Dylan. I want to add about Toronto is don't forget about the bikes. You guys should rent the bikes and go around town. There's plenty of bike lanes everywhere. But I got to tell you don't forget to watch out for the bikers because they have their own kind of code of conduct. So don't block the bike lane, park in the bike lane, don't mess the bike lane because the bikers got their own thing here so. Just be aware of that. Now, if you're going to be here for a while, I got to tell you this one, don't miss out on a day trip to Niagara Falls. I mean, it's actually not that far. If you drove here, it's one of the times it's worth it to get the car out of the valet and drive. You can go down to Niagara Falls, but The thing is there's tons of tours that go from Toronto down there, and there's also buses that go down there. So you can easily get to Niagara Falls. Also, if you want to get back to nature, don't forget you can take the ferries out and have a nice view of the harbor and go around, go over the islands. You can do that as well. And then this doughnut I have for you is one I really, really enjoy about Toronto. Don't think you have to be big city scared when you come to Toronto. This is a safe big city. OK, Now I, I know not every big, every big city has issues and Toronto has its own issues, but you're not worrying like you do in New York or Chicago or LA or anything like that. You're really enjoying the city and you can go out at night and enjoy yourself. You can go shopping. You can take your family around without worrying because it is a really safe big city. Yeah, maybe a pickpocket here. There's some other stuff, but you know, but otherwise, this is actually a really great city to visit so. Those are my don'ts of visiting Toronto. What are your don'ts to help out other travelers coming to this crate city? I'll say bye from here in Toronto.

Named Entities:
Entity: 'Toronto Transit Commission' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Chinatown' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'families' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'art gallery' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Dylan' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'butter tart' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'New York' has category 'Location'
Entity: '3 years old' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'nut butter tarp' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'city halls' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'construction' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'contemporary Art Museum' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'building' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'mustard' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'fast food joint' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'bike lanes' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Walters World' has category 'Organization'
Entity: '1' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Canada' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Stanley Cup' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'town' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'coins' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'travelers' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'castle' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'MasterCard' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'Visa' has category 'Organization'
Entity: '20 minute' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Jeff' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'corridors' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'family' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Bratwurst' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'TTC' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'LA' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Distillery District' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Now' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: '18 percent' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'tarts' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'artists' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Halloween' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'nuts' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Hockey Hall of Fame' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Niagara Falls' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'today' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'subway' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'shopping' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'specialists' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'harbor' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Vancouver' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'U.S.' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'museums' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'people' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'the week' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Toronto' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Sunday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'tourists' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'homes' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'meats' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Little Italy' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'butter tarts' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bakeries' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Portuguese custard tarts' has category 'Product'
Entity: '20%' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Portuguese' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Razor' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'City Hall' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'food court' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'friends' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'street cars' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'waiters' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Canadian dollars' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'housing' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'CN Tower' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'food' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'public transportation' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'the weekend' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'One' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'five years' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'tourist' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'tip' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'ham' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'raisins' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Portugal' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'islands' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'one' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Canadian' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Queen St. West' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'work' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'People' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'trip' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'night' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'neighborhoods' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'eat' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'pea meal bacon sandwich' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'gardens' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'bread' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'friend' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'ferries' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'tours' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'escalator' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'machine' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Saint Lawrence Market' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'traveler' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'ROM' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Maple syrup' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'historic homes' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'first' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'history museums' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'visit' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'stone' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'restaurant' has category 'Location'
Entity: '$17.9 billion' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'doughnut' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'subway line' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Mark' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'buses' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'outside' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'galleries' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'car' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'ATM' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Presto' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'international' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'shoes' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bikers' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'OK' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Chicago' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'pickpocket' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'crate city' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'ice' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'Jocelyn' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'Koreatown' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'neighborhood' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'city' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'metro' has category 'Location'
Entity: '22%' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'two' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'Casa Loma' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'steaks' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'cheese' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'bikes' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'debating' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'Union Station' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Cabbagetown' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'shops' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'tours' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'Greektown' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'A1 bed' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'houses' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'baby' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'exhibits' has category 'Event'
Entity: 'hockey' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'doors' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'hallways' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'window' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Chinese food' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'big city' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'waterfront' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Ubers' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'phone' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'downtown' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'bus' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'taxis' has category 'Product'
Entity: '15 and' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'house' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'locals' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'hotel' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'weekends' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'exchange' has category 'Skill'
Entity: 'a day' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Portuguese food' has category 'Product'
Entity: '13%' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'the winter' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Art Gallery of Ontario' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'sand tower' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'speakerphone' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'working area' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'HGTV' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'second' has category 'Quantity'
Entity: 'buddy' has category 'PersonType'
Entity: 'now' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'valet' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'boutiques' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'streetcar' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'falafel' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'home' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Dinos' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'Saturday' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'Kensington Market' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Liam' has category 'Person'
Entity: 'ham sandwich' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'streetcars' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'cuisine' has category 'Product'
Entity: 'Toronto, Canada' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'Royal Ontario Museum' has category 'Organization'
Entity: 'bike lane' has category 'Location'
Entity: 'October' has category 'DateTime'
Entity: 'dollars' has category 'Quantity'
